README.md, before:

# Multi-Agentic AI Agents with Microsoft Semantic Kernel

There are 3 Python scripts that represent 3 different implementations of multi-agents powere by an Agentic AI Framework (Semantic Kernel) Each script represents an evolution in the agentic-based design. The script on top is the most evolved.

---

## 1. Agentic with Embedded Orchestrations

The script <span style="color:orange">agentic_embed_orch.py</span> implements a multi-agent system using the Semantic Kernel library, specifically focusing on orchestration patterns: **Sequential Orchestration** and **Handoff Orchestration**. Here's an architecture-like analysis:

---

### 1.1 Core Components

#### 1.1.1 Agents (`ChatCompletionAgent`)

These are the fundamental building blocks. Each agent is an instance of `ChatCompletionAgent`, which utilizes a language model (Azure OpenAI in this case) to process instructions and generate responses. Agents are given a name and instructions that define their role and behavior.

#### 1.1.2 Kernel

Each agent is associated with a `Kernel` instance. The kernel is responsible for managing services (like the AI service) and potentially skills/plugins (though not explicitly used for skills in this example).

#### 1.1.3 Services (`AzureChatCompletion`)

This represents the connection to the underlying AI model (Azure OpenAI). Agents use a service to send prompts and receive completions.

#### 1.1.4 Runtime (`InProcessRuntime`)

The runtime is responsible for executing the agent's tasks and managing the flow of messages within the orchestration.

---

### 1.2 Orchestration Patterns

The script demonstrates two main orchestration patterns:

#### 1.2.1 Sequential Orchestration

- **Purpose**: To process a task by passing it through a sequence of agents. Each agent in the sequence performs a specific step.
- **Implementation**: The `SequentialOrchestration` class is used within the `TravelWorkflowAgent`.

#### 1.2.2 Agents involved (`get_sequential_agents`)
- **TravelAgent**: Provides general travel advice.
- **SummarizerAgent**: Summarizes the output of the previous agent.
- **WeatherAgent**: Provides weather information.

#### 1.2.3 Flow
A task given to the `TravelWorkflowAgent` is first processed by the `TravelAgent`, then its output is passed to the `SummarizerAgent`, and finally to the `WeatherAgent`. The final response is the combined result of this sequence.

---

### 1.3 Handoff Orchestration

- **Purpose**: To route a user query to the appropriate agent based on the user's intent. If an agent cannot handle the request or determines another agent is more suitable, it can "handoff" the conversation to that agent.
- **Implementation**: The `HandoffOrchestration` class is used in the `run_handoff_orchestration` function.

#### 1.3.1 Agents involved (`get_handoff_agents`)
- **SupportAgent**: Acts as the initial point of contact and a fallback agent.
- **TriageAgent**: Analyzes user intent and routes the query.
- **TravelWorkflowAgent**: Handles travel-related queries (this agent itself uses Sequential Orchestration internally).
- **SportAgent**: Handles sport-related queries.

#### 1.3.2 Handoffs (`OrchestrationHandoffs`)
This defines the allowed transitions between agents. For example, the `SupportAgent` can handoff to the `TriageAgent`, `TravelWorkflowAgent`, or `SportAgent`.

#### 1.3.3 Flow
The orchestration starts with the `SupportAgent`. Based on the initial task or subsequent user input, the `SupportAgent` might handoff to the `TriageAgent` to determine the user's intent. The `TriageAgent` then hands off the query to the appropriate specialized agent (`TravelWorkflowAgent` or `SportAgent`). If none of the specialized agents can handle the request, they can handoff back to the `SupportAgent` with an explanation.

---

### 1.4 Observer Functions

- **`agent_response_callback`**: This function is used to observe and print the messages generated by the agents during the orchestration. It's helpful for debugging and understanding the flow.
- **`human_response_function`**: This function (commented out in `run_handoff_orchestration`) would be used to get input from the human user if an agent requires it.

---

### 1.4.1 Overall Architecture

The script establishes a layered architecture:

- **Base Layer**: Individual `ChatCompletionAgent` instances with specific roles and instructions.
- **Mid Layer**: Orchestration patterns (`SequentialOrchestration` and `HandoffOrchestration`) that define how agents interact and collaborate to fulfill a task.
- **Top Layer**: The `run_handoff_orchestration` function that sets up and executes the main handoff orchestration, initiating the multi-agent workflow.

This design allows for modularity and reusability of agents. Complex tasks are broken down and handled by specialized agents, and orchestration patterns manage the flow of information and collaboration between them. The Handoff Orchestration acts as a high-level router, directing queries to the appropriate specialized workflow (like the Sequential Orchestration within the `TravelWorkflowAgent`).

#### 1.4.2 Component Diagram

Here is a Mermaid diagram that visualizes the agent orchestration and handoff logic in `agentic_embed_orch.py`:

```mermaid
flowchart TD
    subgraph HandoffOrchestration
        SupportAgent["SupportAgent"]
        TriageAgent["TriageAgent"]
        TravelWorkflowAgent["TravelWorkflowAgent"]
        SportAgent["SportAgent"]
    end

    subgraph TravelWorkflowAgent_Orchestration
        TravelAgent["TravelAgent"]
        SummarizerAgent["SummarizerAgent"]
        WeatherAgent["WeatherAgent"]
    end

    SupportAgent -- "Routes to" --> TriageAgent
    SupportAgent -- "Routes to" --> TravelWorkflowAgent
    SupportAgent -- "Routes to" --> SportAgent

    TriageAgent -- "Travel Query" --> TravelWorkflowAgent
    TriageAgent -- "Sport Query" --> SportAgent
    TriageAgent -- "Other Query" --> SupportAgent

    TravelWorkflowAgent -- "Non-travel Query" --> SupportAgent
    SportAgent -- "Non-sport Query" --> SupportAgent

    TravelWorkflowAgent --> TravelWorkflowAgent_Orchestration
    TravelWorkflowAgent_Orchestration --> TravelAgent -- "Invokes Next" --> SummarizerAgent
    TravelWorkflowAgent_Orchestration --> SummarizerAgent -- "Invokes Next" --> WeatherAgent
    TravelWorkflowAgent_Orchestration --> WeatherAgent -- "Hands-off Control" --> SupportAgent
```

#### 1.4.3 Diagram Explanation
- The main orchestration (`HandoffOrchestration`) is a *Semantic Kernel handoff orchestration* that manages four agents: `SupportAgent`, `TriageAgent`, `TravelWorkflowAgent`, and `SportAgent`.
- `SupportAgent` can route queries to `TriageAgent`, `TravelWorkflowAgent`, or `SportAgent`.
- `TriageAgent` classifies user intent and routes to the appropriate agent or back to `SupportAgent` for unsupported queries.
- `TravelWorkflowAgent` is a *Semantic Kernel sequential orchestration* that internally runs three agents: `TravelAgent`, `SummarizerAgent`, and `WeatherAgent`.
- Both `TravelWorkflowAgent` and `SportAgent` can hand off to `SupportAgent` if the query is outside their domain.

---

## 2. Threat Model for Multi-Agent Embedded Orchestration

### 2.1 **Architecture Overview**
- The system orchestrates multiple AI agents (SupportAgent, TriageAgent, TravelWorkflowAgent, SportAgent) using Azure OpenAI services.
- User queries are routed through a handoff orchestration, with some agents (like TravelWorkflowAgent) running their own internal sequential orchestration (TravelAgent, SummarizerAgent, WeatherAgent).
- The system relies on environment variables for Azure OpenAI credentials and endpoints.
- The agents and orchestrations are all implemented in a single script <span style="color:orange">agentic_embed_orch.py</span>

### 2.2 **Assets**
- Azure OpenAI API keys and endpoints
- User input data (potentially sensitive)
- Agent-generated responses (may contain sensitive or confidential information)
- Orchestration logic and agent instructions

### 2.3 **Potential Threats**

#### a. **Credential Exposure**
- **Threat:** Azure OpenAI API keys and endpoints are loaded from environment variables. If these are leaked (e.g., via logs, error messages, or misconfiguration), attackers could abuse the API.
- **Mitigation:** Ensure environment variables are never logged or exposed. Use secure storage for secrets (e.g., Azure Key Vault).

#### b. **Input Injection**
- **Threat:** User input is passed directly to agents and may be used in prompts. Malicious input could manipulate agent behavior or cause prompt injection attacks.
- **Mitigation:** Sanitize and validate user input. Use prompt engineering best practices to minimize prompt injection risk.

#### c. **Denial of Service (DoS)**
- **Threat:** Attackers could flood the system with requests, exhausting API quotas or causing service degradation.
- **Mitigation:** Implement rate limiting, input validation, and monitoring for abnormal usage patterns.

#### d. **Data Leakage**
- **Threat:** Agents may inadvertently return sensitive information if not properly scoped or if prompt context is not managed securely.
- **Mitigation:** Carefully design agent instructions to avoid leaking internal or sensitive data. Monitor outputs for compliance.

#### e. **Unauthorized Access**
- **Threat:** If the orchestration is exposed as a public service, unauthorized users could access the system and its capabilities.
- **Mitigation:** Implement authentication and authorization controls for any public endpoints.

#### f. **Agent Misrouting**
- **Threat:** Logic errors in handoff or orchestration could route sensitive queries to the wrong agent, leading to inappropriate responses or data exposure.
- **Mitigation:** Test routing logic thoroughly and add logging/monitoring for unexpected agent handoffs.

#### g. **Service Misconfiguration**
- **Threat:** Incorrect configuration of Azure OpenAI services (e.g., wrong endpoint, insufficient permissions) could lead to service outages or security gaps.
- **Mitigation:** Validate configuration at startup and handle errors gracefully.

#### h. **Logging Sensitive Data**
- **Threat:** The system prints agent messages and responses, which may include sensitive user data.
- **Mitigation:** Avoid logging sensitive information or redact logs as needed.

### 2.4 **Trust Boundaries**
- Between user input and agent orchestration logic
- Between orchestration logic and Azure OpenAI service
- Between internal agent orchestration (e.g., TravelWorkflowAgent) and main orchestration

### 2.5 **Recommendations**
- Use secure secret management for API keys.
- Sanitize and validate all user inputs.
- Limit and monitor API usage.
- Implement authentication for any user-facing endpoints.
- Regularly review and update agent instructions to prevent data leakage.
- Avoid logging sensitive data.
- Monitor for abnormal behavior and errors.

---

### 2.6 **Threat Model Diagram**

```mermaid
flowchart TD
    User[User]
    UI[User Interface / API Endpoint]
    Orchestration[HandoffOrchestration]
    SupportAgent[SupportAgent]
    TriageAgent[TriageAgent]
    TravelWorkflowAgent[TravelWorkflowAgent]
    SportAgent[SportAgent]
    AzureOpenAI[Azure OpenAI Service]
    Secrets[Environment Variables / Secrets Store]

    subgraph TravelWorkflow
        TravelAgent[TravelAgent]
        SummarizerAgent[SummarizerAgent]
        WeatherAgent[WeatherAgent]
    end

    User -- Input (T1: Input Injection, T3: DoS) --> UI
    UI -- Query --> Orchestration
    Orchestration -- Route --> SupportAgent
    Orchestration -- Route --> TriageAgent
    Orchestration -- Route --> TravelWorkflowAgent
    Orchestration -- Route --> SportAgent

    TravelWorkflowAgent -- Sequential --> TravelAgent
    TravelWorkflowAgent -- Sequential --> SummarizerAgent
    TravelWorkflowAgent -- Sequential --> WeatherAgent

    SupportAgent -- API Call (T2: Data Leakage) --> AzureOpenAI
    TriageAgent -- API Call (T2: Data Leakage) --> AzureOpenAI
    TravelAgent -- API Call (T2: Data Leakage) --> AzureOpenAI
    SummarizerAgent -- API Call (T2: Data Leakage) --> AzureOpenAI
    WeatherAgent -- API Call (T2: Data Leakage) --> AzureOpenAI
    SportAgent -- API Call (T2: Data Leakage) --> AzureOpenAI

    Orchestration -- Reads (T4: Credential Exposure) --> Secrets

    AzureOpenAI -- Response --> Orchestration
    Orchestration -- Output (T5: Logging Sensitive Data) --> UI
    UI -- Output --> User

    %% Threats
    %% classDef threat fill=#ffcccc,stroke=#d33,stroke-width=2px;
    T1[Input Injection]:::threat
    T2[Data Leakage]:::threat
    T3[Denial of Service]:::threat
    T4[Credential Exposure]:::threat
    T5[Logging Sensitive Data]:::threat
```

Commit message:

Updated threat modeling section in README.md file

README.md, after:

# Multi-Agentic AI Agents with Microsoft Semantic Kernel

There are 3 Python scripts that represent 3 different implementations of multi-agents powere by an Agentic AI Framework (Semantic Kernel) Each script represents an evolution in the agentic-based design. The script on top is the most evolved.

---

## 1. Agentic with Embedded Orchestrations

The script <span style="color:orange">agentic_embed_orch.py</span> implements a multi-agent system using the Semantic Kernel library, specifically focusing on orchestration patterns: **Sequential Orchestration** and **Handoff Orchestration**. Here's an architecture-like analysis:

---

### 1.1 Core Components

#### 1.1.1 Agents (`ChatCompletionAgent`)

These are the fundamental building blocks. Each agent is an instance of `ChatCompletionAgent`, which utilizes a language model (Azure OpenAI in this case) to process instructions and generate responses. Agents are given a name and instructions that define their role and behavior.

#### 1.1.2 Kernel

Each agent is associated with a `Kernel` instance. The kernel is responsible for managing services (like the AI service) and potentially skills/plugins (though not explicitly used for skills in this example).

#### 1.1.3 Services (`AzureChatCompletion`)

This represents the connection to the underlying AI model (Azure OpenAI). Agents use a service to send prompts and receive completions.

#### 1.1.4 Runtime (`InProcessRuntime`)

The runtime is responsible for executing the agent's tasks and managing the flow of messages within the orchestration.

---

### 1.2 Orchestration Patterns

The script demonstrates two main orchestration patterns:

#### 1.2.1 Sequential Orchestration

- **Purpose**: To process a task by passing it through a sequence of agents. Each agent in the sequence performs a specific step.
- **Implementation**: The `SequentialOrchestration` class is used within the `TravelWorkflowAgent`.

#### 1.2.2 Agents involved (`get_sequential_agents`)
- **TravelAgent**: Provides general travel advice.
- **SummarizerAgent**: Summarizes the output of the previous agent.
- **WeatherAgent**: Provides weather information.

#### 1.2.3 Flow
A task given to the `TravelWorkflowAgent` is first processed by the `TravelAgent`, then its output is passed to the `SummarizerAgent`, and finally to the `WeatherAgent`. The final response is the combined result of this sequence.

---

### 1.3 Handoff Orchestration

- **Purpose**: To route a user query to the appropriate agent based on the user's intent. If an agent cannot handle the request or determines another agent is more suitable, it can "handoff" the conversation to that agent.
- **Implementation**: The `HandoffOrchestration` class is used in the `run_handoff_orchestration` function.

#### 1.3.1 Agents involved (`get_handoff_agents`)
- **SupportAgent**: Acts as the initial point of contact and a fallback agent.
- **TriageAgent**: Analyzes user intent and routes the query.
- **TravelWorkflowAgent**: Handles travel-related queries (this agent itself uses Sequential Orchestration internally).
- **SportAgent**: Handles sport-related queries.

#### 1.3.2 Handoffs (`OrchestrationHandoffs`)
This defines the allowed transitions between agents. For example, the `SupportAgent` can handoff to the `TriageAgent`, `TravelWorkflowAgent`, or `SportAgent`.

#### 1.3.3 Flow
The orchestration starts with the `SupportAgent`. Based on the initial task or subsequent user input, the `SupportAgent` might handoff to the `TriageAgent` to determine the user's intent. The `TriageAgent` then hands off the query to the appropriate specialized agent (`TravelWorkflowAgent` or `SportAgent`). If none of the specialized agents can handle the request, they can handoff back to the `SupportAgent` with an explanation.

---

### 1.4 Observer Functions

- **`agent_response_callback`**: This function is used to observe and print the messages generated by the agents during the orchestration. It's helpful for debugging and understanding the flow.
- **`human_response_function`**: This function (commented out in `run_handoff_orchestration`) would be used to get input from the human user if an agent requires it.

---

### 1.4.1 Overall Architecture

The script establishes a layered architecture:

- **Base Layer**: Individual `ChatCompletionAgent` instances with specific roles and instructions.
- **Mid Layer**: Orchestration patterns (`SequentialOrchestration` and `HandoffOrchestration`) that define how agents interact and collaborate to fulfill a task.
- **Top Layer**: The `run_handoff_orchestration` function that sets up and executes the main handoff orchestration, initiating the multi-agent workflow.

This design allows for modularity and reusability of agents. Complex tasks are broken down and handled by specialized agents, and orchestration patterns manage the flow of information and collaboration between them. The Handoff Orchestration acts as a high-level router, directing queries to the appropriate specialized workflow (like the Sequential Orchestration within the `TravelWorkflowAgent`).

#### 1.4.2 Component Diagram

Here is a Mermaid diagram that visualizes the agent orchestration and handoff logic in `agentic_embed_orch.py`:

```mermaid
flowchart TD
    subgraph HandoffOrchestration
        SupportAgent["SupportAgent"]
        TriageAgent["TriageAgent"]
        TravelWorkflowAgent["TravelWorkflowAgent"]
        SportAgent["SportAgent"]
    end

    subgraph TravelWorkflowAgent_Orchestration
        TravelAgent["TravelAgent"]
        SummarizerAgent["SummarizerAgent"]
        WeatherAgent["WeatherAgent"]
    end

    SupportAgent -- "Routes to" --> TriageAgent
    SupportAgent -- "Routes to" --> TravelWorkflowAgent
    SupportAgent -- "Routes to" --> SportAgent

    TriageAgent -- "Travel Query" --> TravelWorkflowAgent
    TriageAgent -- "Sport Query" --> SportAgent
    TriageAgent -- "Other Query" --> SupportAgent

    TravelWorkflowAgent -- "Non-travel Query" --> SupportAgent
    SportAgent -- "Non-sport Query" --> SupportAgent

    TravelWorkflowAgent --> TravelWorkflowAgent_Orchestration
    TravelWorkflowAgent_Orchestration --> TravelAgent -- "Invokes Next" --> SummarizerAgent
    TravelWorkflowAgent_Orchestration --> SummarizerAgent -- "Invokes Next" --> WeatherAgent
    TravelWorkflowAgent_Orchestration --> WeatherAgent -- "Hands-off Control" --> SupportAgent
```

#### 1.4.3 Diagram Explanation
- The main orchestration (`HandoffOrchestration`) is a *Semantic Kernel handoff orchestration* that manages four agents: `SupportAgent`, `TriageAgent`, `TravelWorkflowAgent`, and `SportAgent`.
- `SupportAgent` can route queries to `TriageAgent`, `TravelWorkflowAgent`, or `SportAgent`.
- `TriageAgent` classifies user intent and routes to the appropriate agent or back to `SupportAgent` for unsupported queries.
- `TravelWorkflowAgent` is a *Semantic Kernel sequential orchestration* that internally runs three agents: `TravelAgent`, `SummarizerAgent`, and `WeatherAgent`.
- Both `TravelWorkflowAgent` and `SportAgent` can hand off to `SupportAgent` if the query is outside their domain.

---

## 2. Threat Model for Multi-Agent Embedded Orchestration

The following threat model has been generated from `agentic_embed_orch.py` Python script, by using Github Copilot.

### 2.1 **Architecture Overview**
- The system orchestrates multiple AI agents (SupportAgent, TriageAgent, TravelWorkflowAgent, SportAgent) using Azure OpenAI services.
- User queries are routed through a handoff orchestration, with some agents (like TravelWorkflowAgent) running their own internal sequential orchestration (TravelAgent, SummarizerAgent, WeatherAgent).
- The system relies on environment variables for Azure OpenAI credentials and endpoints.
- The agents and orchestrations are all implemented in a single script <span style="color:orange">agentic_embed_orch.py</span>

### 2.2 **Assets**
- Azure OpenAI API keys and endpoints
- User input data (potentially sensitive)
- Agent-generated responses (may contain sensitive or confidential information)
- Orchestration logic and agent instructions

### 2.3 **Potential Threats**

#### a. **Credential Exposure**
- **Threat:** Azure OpenAI API keys and endpoints are loaded from environment variables. If these are leaked (e.g., via logs, error messages, or misconfiguration), attackers could abuse the API.
- **Mitigation:** Ensure environment variables are never logged or exposed. Use secure storage for secrets (e.g., Azure Key Vault).

#### b. **Input Injection**
- **Threat:** User input is passed directly to agents and may be used in prompts. Malicious input could manipulate agent behavior or cause prompt injection attacks.
- **Mitigation:** Sanitize and validate user input. Use prompt engineering best practices to minimize prompt injection risk.

#### c. **Denial of Service (DoS)**
- **Threat:** Attackers could flood the system with requests, exhausting API quotas or causing service degradation.
- **Mitigation:** Implement rate limiting, input validation, and monitoring for abnormal usage patterns.

#### d. **Data Leakage**
- **Threat:** Agents may inadvertently return sensitive information if not properly scoped or if prompt context is not managed securely.
- **Mitigation:** Carefully design agent instructions to avoid leaking internal or sensitive data. Monitor outputs for compliance.

#### e. **Unauthorized Access**
- **Threat:** If the orchestration is exposed as a public service, unauthorized users could access the system and its capabilities.
- **Mitigation:** Implement authentication and authorization controls for any public endpoints.

#### f. **Agent Misrouting**
- **Threat:** Logic errors in handoff or orchestration could route sensitive queries to the wrong agent, leading to inappropriate responses or data exposure.
- **Mitigation:** Test routing logic thoroughly and add logging/monitoring for unexpected agent handoffs.

#### g. **Service Misconfiguration**
- **Threat:** Incorrect configuration of Azure OpenAI services (e.g., wrong endpoint, insufficient permissions) could lead to service outages or security gaps.
- **Mitigation:** Validate configuration at startup and handle errors gracefully.

#### h. **Logging Sensitive Data**
- **Threat:** The system prints agent messages and responses, which may include sensitive user data.
- **Mitigation:** Avoid logging sensitive information or redact logs as needed.

### 2.4 **Trust Boundaries**
- Between user input and agent orchestration logic
- Between orchestration logic and Azure OpenAI service
- Between internal agent orchestration (e.g., TravelWorkflowAgent) and main orchestration

### 2.5 **Recommendations**
- Use secure secret management for API keys.
- Sanitize and validate all user inputs.
- Limit and monitor API usage.
- Implement authentication for any user-facing endpoints.
- Regularly review and update agent instructions to prevent data leakage.
- Avoid logging sensitive data.
- Monitor for abnormal behavior and errors.

---

### 2.6 **Threat Model Diagram**

```mermaid
flowchart TD
    User[User]
    UI[User Interface / API Endpoint]
    Orchestration[HandoffOrchestration]
    SupportAgent[SupportAgent]
    TriageAgent[TriageAgent]
    TravelWorkflowAgent[TravelWorkflowAgent]
    SportAgent[SportAgent]
    AzureOpenAI[Azure OpenAI Service]
    Secrets[Environment Variables / Secrets Store]

    subgraph TravelWorkflow
        TravelAgent[TravelAgent]
        SummarizerAgent[SummarizerAgent]
        WeatherAgent[WeatherAgent]
    end

    User -- Input (T1: Input Injection, T3: DoS) --> UI
    UI -- Query --> Orchestration
    Orchestration -- Route --> SupportAgent
    Orchestration -- Route --> TriageAgent
    Orchestration -- Route --> TravelWorkflowAgent
    Orchestration -- Route --> SportAgent

    TravelWorkflowAgent -- Sequential --> TravelAgent
    TravelWorkflowAgent -- Sequential --> SummarizerAgent
    TravelWorkflowAgent -- Sequential --> WeatherAgent

    SupportAgent -- API Call (T2: Data Leakage) --> AzureOpenAI
    TriageAgent -- API Call (T2: Data Leakage) --> AzureOpenAI
    TravelAgent -- API Call (T2: Data Leakage) --> AzureOpenAI
    SummarizerAgent -- API Call (T2: Data Leakage) --> AzureOpenAI
    WeatherAgent -- API Call (T2: Data Leakage) --> AzureOpenAI
    SportAgent -- API Call (T2: Data Leakage) --> AzureOpenAI

    Orchestration -- Reads (T4: Credential Exposure) --> Secrets

    AzureOpenAI -- Response --> Orchestration
    Orchestration -- Output (T5: Logging Sensitive Data) --> UI
    UI -- Output --> User

    %% Threats
    %% classDef threat fill=#ffcccc,stroke=#d33,stroke-width=2px;
    T1[Input Injection]:::threat
    T2[Data Leakage]:::threat
    T3[Denial of Service]:::threat
    T4[Credential Exposure]:::threat
    T5[Logging Sensitive Data]:::threat
```
