references/Alvianda_Travel_Design.md, before:

# Alvianda Travel – Agentic AI Architecture

## 🧭 Overview

**Alvianda Travel** is a virtual travel assistant platform that leverages **Semantic Kernel (SK)** and **Azure OpenAI** to deliver intelligent, modular, and orchestrated travel planning experiences. The system is composed of **six specialized AI agents**, each with a defined role, communication pattern, and orchestration strategy. These agents collaborate to fulfill user travel inquiries, from destination insights to flight booking options.

---

## 🧠 Core Technologies

- **Semantic Kernel (SK)**: Used to define and orchestrate agent behaviors using three orchestration patterns:
  - **Sequential Orchestration**
  - **Hand-off Orchestration**
  - **Group Chat Orchestration**
- **Azure OpenAI**: Powers the LLMs behind each agent, with prompt-engineered instructions to constrain their domain knowledge.
- **Google Flights Search (GFS)**: Accessed via plugin integration for real-time flight data.

---

## 🧱 System Architecture Overview

### 🔹 Platform Stack

- **LLM Provider**: Azure OpenAI (e.g., GPT-4)
- **Agent Framework**: Semantic Kernel (SK)
- **Plugin Integration**: REST-based plugin for Google Flights Search (GFS)
- **Hosting**: Azure Functions / Azure App Service
- **State Management**: Stateless agents with optional session memory via Azure Cosmos DB or Redis (future enhancement)

---

## 🧩 Agent Architecture

<img width="1274" height="737" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9809cd23-5a9e-47b4-842d-fb666f957e78" />

### 1. TripAdvisor Agent (User-Facing)

- **Role**: Entry point for user queries about destinations, events, and trip planning.
- **Function**: Acts as a triage agent, extracting user intent and initiating orchestration flows.
- **Orchestration**:
  - Hand-off Orchestration to TravelInfoOps proxy agent.
  - Group Chat Orchestration for follow-up queries involving event specialists.
- **Constraints**: Cannot answer directly using general LLM knowledge; must delegate.
- **Prompt Template**:
  - Extracts `intent`, `destination`, `date_range`, `query_type` from user input.

---

### 2. TravelInfoOps Agent (Internal Proxy)

- **Role**: Orchestrator for destination-related information.
- **Function**: Executes Sequential Orchestration of domain-specific agents:
  1. TravelSpecialist
  2. SportSpecialist
  3. EntertainmentSpecialist
  4. TripSynopsisSpecialist
- **Prompt Template**: "You are a travel orchestrator. Call each agent in sequence and compile their outputs."

---

### 3. TravelSpecialist / SportSpecialist / EntertainmentSpecialist

- **Type**: Internal domain experts
- **Prompt Constraints**:
  - Scoped to a single domain (travel, sports, entertainment)
  - Prompts include strict instructions: “Only respond with information relevant to [destination] within the next 3 months.”
- **LLM Usage**: No plugins; relies on LLM general knowledge filtered by prompt

---

### 4. TripSynopsisSpecialist Agent

- **Type**: Internal summarizer
- **Prompt Template**:
  - "You are a travel summary generator. Create a concise, engaging summary from the following inputs: [travel], [sports], [entertainment]."
- **Output**: Markdown or plain text summary for user display

---

### 5. FlightSpecialist Agent (User-Facing)

- **Role**: Provides flight options to the user’s destination.
- **Function**:
  - Extracts destination country using LLM
  - Maps to GFS-compatible parameters (e.g., IATA codes, date ranges)
  - Calls GFS plugin and returns structured JSON
- **Plugin Interface**:
  - REST API wrapper with authentication
  - Input: `{ origin, destination, date_range }`
  - Output: JSON array of flight options with deep links
- **Prompt Template**:
  - "You are a flight search expert. Use the plugin to find flights to [destination]. Return results in JSON format."

---

## 🔄 Orchestration Patterns

### 🔁 Sequential Orchestration

- **Used by**: TravelInfoOps
- **Purpose**: Linear execution of agents with dependent outputs
- **Flow**: TravelSpecialist → SportSpecialist → EntertainmentSpecialist → TripSynopsisSpecialist

### 🔀 Hand-off Orchestration

- **Used by**: TripAdvisor
- **Purpose**: Delegates task to a specialized agent based on intent
- **Examples**:
  - To TravelInfoOps for destination info
  - To FlightSpecialist for flight search

### 👥 Group Chat Orchestration

- **Used by**: TripAdvisor in follow-up queries
- **Purpose**: Parallel engagement of multiple agents
- **Example**: Simultaneous queries to SportSpecialist and EntertainmentSpecialist for event updates

---

## 📦 Plugin Integration: Google Flights Search (GFS)

- **Plugin Wrapper**: Implemented as a Semantic Kernel plugin
- **Security**: API key stored in Azure Key Vault
- **Mapping Logic**:
  - LLM extracts country → maps to IATA airport codes
  - Constructs GFS query parameters
- **Response Handling**:
  - JSON parsing and formatting for user display
  - Includes flight times, prices, and booking links

---

## 🧩 Agent Orchestrations

```mermaid
graph TD
    User -->|Query| TripAdvisor
    TripAdvisor -->|Hand-off| TravelInfoOps
    TravelInfoOps --> |Sequential| TravelSpecialist
    TravelInfoOps --> |Sequential| SportSpecialist
    TravelInfoOps --> |Sequential| EntertainmentSpecialist
    TravelInfoOps --> |Sequential| TripSynopsisSpecialist
    TripSynopsisSpecialist --> |Hand-off| TripAdvisor
    TripAdvisor -->|Hand-off| FlightSpecialist
    FlightSpecialist -->|Plugin Call| GFS
    TripAdvisor -->|Group Chat| SportSpecialist
    TripAdvisor -->|Group Chat| EntertainmentSpecialist
```

---

## 🧪 Testing & Monitoring

- **Unit Testing**: Each agent tested with mock prompts and expected outputs
- **Integration Testing**: Orchestration flows validated end-to-end
- **Monitoring**:
  - Azure Application Insights for telemetry
  - Logging of orchestration paths and plugin calls

---

## 📈 Scalability & Extensibility

- **Modular Agent Design**: New agents (e.g., HotelSpecialist, VisaAdvisor) can be added with minimal changes
- **Multi-turn Memory**: Future enhancement using SK memory store
- **Personalization**: User profiles and preferences stored in Cosmos DB

Commit message:

Added up a BPMN diagram to describe business process and actors

references/Alvianda_Travel_Design.md, after:

# Alvianda Travel – Agentic AI Architecture

## 🧭 Overview

**Alvianda Travel** is a virtual travel assistant platform that leverages **Semantic Kernel (SK)** and **Azure OpenAI** to deliver intelligent, modular, and orchestrated travel planning experiences. The system is composed of **six specialized AI agents**, each with a defined role, communication pattern, and orchestration strategy. These agents collaborate to fulfill user travel inquiries, from destination insights to flight booking options.

---

## 🧠 Core Technologies

- **Agentic AI**: Agentic AI refers to systems composed of autonomous, specialized agents that can reason, plan, and collaborate to solve complex tasks. In Alvianda Travel, Agentic AI enables modular, orchestrated workflows where each agent is responsible for a specific domain (e.g., travel, sports, entertainment, flight search). This approach allows for flexible, scalable, and maintainable solutions that can be easily extended with new capabilities or integrated with external services.

- **Semantic Kernel (SK)**: Used to define and orchestrate agent behaviors using three orchestration patterns:
  - **Sequential Orchestration**
  - **Hand-off Orchestration**
  - **Group Chat Orchestration**
- **Azure OpenAI**: Powers the LLMs behind each agent, with prompt-engineered instructions to constrain their domain knowledge.
- **Google Flights Search (GFS)**: Accessed via plugin integration for real-time flight data.

---

## 👥 Business Process and Actors

> **Note:** The business process for Alvianda Travel can also be represented using BPMN (Business Process Model and Notation), a standard for modeling business workflows. BPMN diagrams provide a clear, visual way to describe the sequence of activities, decision points, and interactions between users and agents in the system. This approach helps both technical and business stakeholders understand and optimize the end-to-end travel planning process.

<img width="838" height="791" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5f31b177-1724-47e9-bcd0-ed122b73f0dd" />

---

## 🧱 System Architecture Overview

### 🔹 Platform Stack

- **LLM Provider**: Azure OpenAI (e.g., GPT-4)
- **Agent Framework**: Semantic Kernel (SK)
- **Plugin Integration**: REST-based plugin for Google Flights Search (GFS)
- **Hosting**: Azure Functions / Azure App Service
- **State Management**: Stateless agents with optional session memory via Azure Cosmos DB or Redis (future enhancement)

---

## 🧩 Agent Architecture

<img width="1274" height="737" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9809cd23-5a9e-47b4-842d-fb666f957e78" />

### 1. TripAdvisor Agent (User-Facing)

- **Role**: Entry point for user queries about destinations, events, and trip planning.
- **Function**: Acts as a triage agent, extracting user intent and initiating orchestration flows.
- **Orchestration**:
  - Hand-off Orchestration to TravelInfoOps proxy agent.
  - Group Chat Orchestration for follow-up queries involving event specialists.
- **Constraints**: Cannot answer directly using general LLM knowledge; must delegate.
- **Prompt Template**:
  - Extracts `intent`, `destination`, `date_range`, `query_type` from user input.

---

### 2. TravelInfoOps Agent (Internal Proxy)

- **Role**: Orchestrator for destination-related information.
- **Function**: Executes Sequential Orchestration of domain-specific agents:
  1. TravelSpecialist
  2. SportSpecialist
  3. EntertainmentSpecialist
  4. TripSynopsisSpecialist
- **Prompt Template**: "You are a travel orchestrator. Call each agent in sequence and compile their outputs."

---

### 3. TravelSpecialist / SportSpecialist / EntertainmentSpecialist

- **Type**: Internal domain experts
- **Prompt Constraints**:
  - Scoped to a single domain (travel, sports, entertainment)
  - Prompts include strict instructions: “Only respond with information relevant to [destination] within the next 3 months.”
- **LLM Usage**: No plugins; relies on LLM general knowledge filtered by prompt

---

### 4. TripSynopsisSpecialist Agent

- **Type**: Internal summarizer
- **Prompt Template**:
  - "You are a travel summary generator. Create a concise, engaging summary from the following inputs: [travel], [sports], [entertainment]."
- **Output**: Markdown or plain text summary for user display

---

### 5. FlightSpecialist Agent (User-Facing)

- **Role**: Provides flight options to the user’s destination.
- **Function**:
  - Extracts destination country using LLM
  - Maps to GFS-compatible parameters (e.g., IATA codes, date ranges)
  - Calls GFS plugin and returns structured JSON
- **Plugin Interface**:
  - REST API wrapper with authentication
  - Input: `{ origin, destination, date_range }`
  - Output: JSON array of flight options with deep links
- **Prompt Template**:
  - "You are a flight search expert. Use the plugin to find flights to [destination]. Return results in JSON format."

---

## 🔄 Orchestration Patterns

### 🔁 Sequential Orchestration

- **Used by**: TravelInfoOps
- **Purpose**: Linear execution of agents with dependent outputs
- **Flow**: TravelSpecialist → SportSpecialist → EntertainmentSpecialist → TripSynopsisSpecialist

### 🔀 Hand-off Orchestration

- **Used by**: TripAdvisor
- **Purpose**: Delegates task to a specialized agent based on intent
- **Examples**:
  - To TravelInfoOps for destination info
  - To FlightSpecialist for flight search

### 👥 Group Chat Orchestration

- **Used by**: TripAdvisor in follow-up queries
- **Purpose**: Parallel engagement of multiple agents
- **Example**: Simultaneous queries to SportSpecialist and EntertainmentSpecialist for event updates

---

## 📦 Plugin Integration: Google Flights Search (GFS)

- **Plugin Wrapper**: Implemented as a Semantic Kernel plugin
- **Security**: API key stored in Azure Key Vault
- **Mapping Logic**:
  - LLM extracts country → maps to IATA airport codes
  - Constructs GFS query parameters
- **Response Handling**:
  - JSON parsing and formatting for user display
  - Includes flight times, prices, and booking links

---

## 🧩 Agent Orchestrations

```mermaid
graph TD
    User -->|Query| TripAdvisor
    TripAdvisor -->|Hand-off| TravelInfoOps
    TravelInfoOps --> |Sequential| TravelSpecialist
    TravelInfoOps --> |Sequential| SportSpecialist
    TravelInfoOps --> |Sequential| EntertainmentSpecialist
    TravelInfoOps --> |Sequential| TripSynopsisSpecialist
    TripSynopsisSpecialist --> |Hand-off| TripAdvisor
    TripAdvisor -->|Hand-off| FlightSpecialist
    FlightSpecialist -->|Plugin Call| GFS
    TripAdvisor -->|Group Chat| SportSpecialist
    TripAdvisor -->|Group Chat| EntertainmentSpecialist
```

---

## 🧪 Testing & Monitoring

- **Unit Testing**: Each agent tested with mock prompts and expected outputs
- **Integration Testing**: Orchestration flows validated end-to-end
- **Monitoring**:
  - Azure Application Insights for telemetry
  - Logging of orchestration paths and plugin calls

---

## 📈 Scalability & Extensibility

- **Modular Agent Design**: New agents (e.g., HotelSpecialist, VisaAdvisor) can be added with minimal changes
- **Multi-turn Memory**: Future enhancement using SK memory store
- **Personalization**: User profiles and preferences stored in Cosmos DB
